OCPBUGS#35232: Moving vSphere vols not supported (#78114)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere.adoc
//

:content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-limitations_{context}"]
= vSphere CSI limitations

The following limitations apply to the vSphere Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator:

> * The vSphere CSI Driver supports dynamic and static provisioning. However, when using static provisioning in the PV specifications, do not use the key `storage.kubernetes.io/csiProvisionerIdentity` in `csi.volumeAttributes` because this key indicates dynamically provisioned PVs.

Reviewer: Where is this `csiProvisionerIdentity` text coming from?

Author: That is existing content. I just moved it into this new Limitations section.

> * The vSphere CSI Driver supports dynamic and static provisioning. However, when using static provisioning in the PV specifications, do not use the key `storage.kubernetes.io/csiProvisionerIdentity` in `csi.volumeAttributes` because this key indicates dynamically provisioned PVs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The vSphere CSI Driver supports dynamic and static provisioning. However, when using static provisioning in the persistent volume (PV) specifications, do not use the key `storage.kubernetes.io/csiProvisionerIdentity` in `csi.volumeAttributes`. This key indicates dynamically provisioned PVs.
```
Two nits. The second sentence was getting a little long to me. Feel free to disregard if you don't find it useful
